42 string 42 42 file type
YEAH BODY THIS IS THE SOLUTION.
TOMORROW I WILL EXPLAIN THE SOLUTION.
Understanding the Exercise:
This exercise is about creating a "magic" file that recognizes files of a custom format, specifically a "42" file type. The key condition is that files of this type will have the string "42" located at the 42nd byte.

Magic files are used by the file command in Linux to determine file types based on specific patterns or rules, rather than relying on file extensions.

Steps to Solve the Exercise:
Create the Turn-in Directory:

Ensure you are in the appropriate directory for your project.
Run:
bash
Copy code
mkdir -p ex09
cd ex09
Create the ft_magic File:

Open a file named ft_magic using a text editor:
bash
Copy code
nano ft_magic
Define the Magic Rule in ft_magic:

Add the following content:
go
Copy code
41    string    42    42 file type
Explanation of the rule:
41: Specifies the offset (42nd byte, but offsets start at 0, so it's 41).
string: Specifies the type of data to match (in this case, a string).
42: The string we are looking for at the 42nd byte.
42 file type: The description that will appear when a file matches this rule.
Test the Magic File:

Compile the magic file with:
bash
Copy code
file -C -m ft_magic
This checks for errors and generates a binary version (ft_magic.mgc) if the syntax is correct.
Create a Test File:

Create a binary file with the "42" string at the 42nd byte:
bash
Copy code
printf "%041s42" "" > testfile
Explanation:
%041s: Adds 41 spaces to the file (filling up to the 42nd byte).
42: Adds the string "42" at the 42nd byte.
Test the File Type Detection:

Use the file command with your custom magic file to check the test file:
bash
Copy code
file -m ft_magic testfile
If successful, it will output:
bash
Copy code
testfile: 42 file type
What You’re Expected to Learn:
Magic Files: Understanding how file uses magic files to determine file types.
Binary Offsets: Recognizing and working with byte-level file manipulation.
Precision: Writing accurate rules to match specific patterns.
If you face any issues or need clarification, let me know! 
